fix(linux): Host machine version and supported platform cleanup (#440)
TexasInstruments/processor-sdk-doc: source/devices/AM57X/linux/Release_Specific_Release_Notes.rst

.. rubric:: Host Support
   :name: host-support

> The Processor SDK is developed, built and verified on Ubuntu 22.04. Details on how to create a virtual machine to load Ubuntu

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Processor SDK is developed, built and verified on Ubuntu |__LINUX_UBUNTU_VERSION_SHORT__|. Details on how to create a virtual machine to load Ubuntu
```
